Title: [master] Application information on the Bank Deposit - Test Report is incorrect when there are multiple lines for a single customer, and where each line is paying a different invoice.
Repro Steps:
1. Identify a customer that has at least two invoices outstanding. Ideally, these should be larger amounts so that a partial application for $100 or $50 can be completed. (My customer is No.: 20000.) 2. Search for and open the Bank Deposits page and click +New to create a new entry in the Bank Deposit page. 3. Enter the following in the General FastTab: a. No.: click the ellipse after No., select the No. Series record, and click OK. b. Bank Account No.: choose one of your bank accounts. c. Total Deposit Amount: 150 d. Posting Date/Document Date: enter or accept a date value. 4. In the Lines, enter the first line: a. Account Type: Customer b. Account No.: choose your value from #1 above. (20000) c. Document Date: accept the value d. Document Type: Payment e. Document No.: accept the value f. Click Functions – Apply Entries to open the Apply Customer Entries page. g. Scroll down and locate an invoice to pay and enter 100 in the Amount to Apply field. Click Tab. This should fill in the Applies-to ID on that line with the Document No. value from the deposit. h. Click OK to save the apply information and return to the Bank Deposit page. 5. Enter the second line: a. Account Type: Customer b. Account No.: choose your value from #1 above. (20000) c. Document Date: accept the value d. Document Type: Payment e. Document No.: accept the value f. Credit Amount: 50 g. Click Functions – Apply Entries to open the Apply Customer Entries page. h. Scroll down and locate a different invoice to pay and enter 50 in the Amount to Apply field. Click Tab. This should fill in the Applies-to ID on that line with the Document No. value from the deposit. You should have two lines with the Applies-to ID populated and values in the Amount to Apply field. i. Click OK to save the apply information and return to the Bank Deposit page. 6. Click Posting - Test Report. Click Send to..., choose PDF and review the results. Expected Results: The report should show the application for line one of 100 on the first of the two invoices and for line two of 50 on the second of two invoices. Actual Results: The report actually shows the application for line one of 100 on the first of the two invoices. This is correct. The application for line two shows 50 also on the first of the two invoices. This is incorrect. The application amount is on the wrong line. Here's a screenshot of the report from my test environment: Here is a screenshot of the application information. The first line here is associated with the first line on the Bank Deposit. The second line here is associated with the second line on the Bank Deposit. Additional Information: This issue seems to be isolated to the report. After posting, the application information does appear to be correct with 100 applied to the first invoice and 50 to the second.
Description:
